Licensing

The International Grid Trust Federation (IGTF) distributes or re-
distributes information and data related to the trust fabric. This 
distribution contains information generated collectively, as well as 
contributions by members and third parties. 

Trust Anchors are owned by the respective authorities or their 
contractors, and are made available by their owners under the 
Creative Common Attribution 3.0 "CC-BY-3.0" (unported) license 
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0). 

The following trust anchor meta-data: 'info' meta-data file, crl-url 
file, signing policy files, namespaces files, and the distribution 
documentation (including change log and release notes) are owned 
jointly and individually by the members of the Policy Management 
Authorities participating in the International Grid Trust Federation. 
These data are made available under the Creative Common Attribution 
3.0  "CC-BY-3.0" (unported) license 
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0). 

Selected trust anchors from third parties have been obtained from web 
browser distributions by Mozilla and have been verified for 
correctness with respect to their original versions. These portions 
are reproduced without modification as part of this larger work, as 
per the Mozilla Public License 1.1, section 2.1 sub a "MPL 1.1" 
(http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/MPL-1.1.html).

Unless specifically stated otherwise, these licenses extend solely to 
the trust anchors and the directly associated meta-data listed above 
and does not extend to the Certificate Policy (CP) document, the 
Certificate Practice Statements (CPS), or any other documentation, 
software, or services made available by the member authorities or 
others. CP, CPS, and any other information provided is owned by the 
respective members and subject to the license conditions stated 
therein. 

Anyone using the Distribution is specifically reminded of sections 5 
and 6 of the CC-BY-3.0 license, as well as sections 7 and 9 of the 
MPL 1.1.

